this is Josie - Rob a blade will dotnet
in this me is called the beyblade metal
fury j2 Pinner battle series battle one
so the first battle we have got
lightning l-drago against J Jupiter now
if you're asking mr. custom Cybertron
l-drago a special metal face and this is
a zenki original I'll show you the back
it's kind of like a 90 and HF so let's
see how the sky got against the three
dragons whoa shall we try that again
yeah I may be able try that again just
get this look at Jade this look a change
scores one zero no restarted yeah can I
can they show that no you can do that
slow motion yeah
oh but I'm serious that was cool it
actually headed to look so now round two
all dragos in a second mode that's the
most powerful list zero so now round
three is a little bit upset that was -
time to hit the wall I know it was like
okay this course to zero but people just
like say we are now into slow motion
when you figured it out no oh good
so don't mean Sean so around for
smashing three zero three zero so now
the final round
got it is that unfair cuz it's not
unfair I'm seeing it's change baby's
been had an s 130 and an MB it would
have been different
let's go up scores four zero makes logic
people the Dragon Emperor three dragons
against the sky god Jupiter Jupiter
would smash down
now this beyblades awesome actually I
actually use the stickers from The
Cure's daddy there's like a special
sticker so I used it I also used to have
a few on their base I cannot tell but
this is one of them I mean I know that
is like oh my god that's like super epic
actually I have one more baby to battle
this one like we can do it too - then
we're gonna be going somewhere got where
it was okay so please make sure you like
this video make it your favorite and
share it please subscribe thanks for
watching
oh wait